gh-138813: Fix mutable default kwargs={} in multiprocessing BaseProcess and DummyProcess to use None (#138814)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-09-15-07-02-26.gh-issue-138813.yIju93.rst

> multiprocessing.BaseProcess defaults ``kwargs`` to ``None`` instead of a shared dict.

Reviewer: We should use a Sphinx reference:
```suggestion
:class:`multiprocessing.BaseProcess` defaults ``kwargs`` to ``None`` instead of a shared dictionary.
```

Author: Thanks, I fixed it.

Author: I tried to use `:class:`, but it seems to me that `BaseProcess` is not documented as a public class, so the reference doesn’t resolve and I get a warning during the build. So I switched back to using double backticks for `BaseProcess`.

Reviewer: Use :class:`!multiprocessing.BaseProcess` instead.

Author: Ok, I fixed it.
